update FAQ (#1285)
hwameistor/hwameistor: docs/docs/faqs.md

   blkid /dev/sd*  # Confirm if the disk partitions are clean
   wipefs -a /dev/sd*  # Clean the disk
   ```

## Q5: Why is StorageClasses not automatically created after installation using Hwameistor-operator?

possible reason:

1. The node has no remaining bare disks that can be automatically managed. You can check it by running the following command:

    ```bash
    kubectl get ld # Check disk
    kubectl get lsn <node-name> -o yaml # Check whether the disk is managed normally
    ```

> 2. The hwameistor related components [excluding drbd-adapter] are not working properly. You can check it by running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. The hwameistor related components are not working properly. You can check it by running the following command:
> module `drbd-adapter` is only needed when HA is enabled, if not, ignore the releated error.
```
